thought okay Craig could you just tell
us something about the the construction
was going on here behind us how much
work is involved and how much planning
is involved first of all well the
planning and design of this mark fisher
really really included working on close
to two years ago the actual design and
engineering started over a year ago the
construction of it started last December
and what what you're seeing here is one
of three custom design stages that are
part of the u2 360 tour they were custom
designed and not using a standard design
power system that most jurors of use
simply because there is almost twice as
much equipment that has to be held up
over top of the band sertoli be
unobstructed to the audience that they
turned out to be the band to play a full
season this is a concept of answered
playing around with it in the very end
of the last tour and challenged William
and mark to come up with a design that
would work to carry that type of weight
for example this current carries over
360,000 coms over top of that stage and
to hold the engineering structure of
that took a custom design and not as
half how much does it cost me more and
more than more than I would be thinking
about if you know what it's it's all a
business practice so you look at your
revenues versus your costs and the
logistics about works and hope that it
works up to the positive but the band
really has spared no expense to try and
give a design that actually will meet
those full needs to play 2 360 stadiums
around the world and once this tour is
over what happens to this type of stage
I mean is it you know packed up and put
in a warehouse somewhere will have every
used again would certainly have to be a
very big warehouse we are we were
absolutely weighing different ideas at
this time that time is 18 months ahead
and I think we have a bit have to make
some of these schedules we have to do
drivers and double drivers where the
trucks we have a call about 30 29 trucks
out here between steel systems flooring
production you carry a steel floor
that's reusable for all these venues and
that leap frogs as well so 189 trucks
double drive down and you know you're a
380 people just in your drivers thrown
out a dozen buses on to that
under throw out to that 135 crew 200 at
the entourage management opening act and
support we've got a touring party that
totals up to about rule over 550 people
and it's not across the three stages
that's across the area so it may not
make it into each city yeah but across
the whole course of the tour on top of
that you probably hire close to 2,000
people locally in each one of these
markets that we create jobs as part of
that as well so the number of people
working on this show oddly total up to
was 2500 people with that local
contingent that's all part of it it's
it's an impressive contribution by all
and have you been speaking with the band
i'm sure you have ahead of you know it's
a homecoming gig that's our hometown of
they look forward it's they've been
thrilled about it for a long long time
they've been talking with preparing up
for this is the only city where we'll
post three shows and a band will play
their three shows here and the tour we
will be able to bring this tour into a
city 15
on the entire world to rich quite so but
every from production rehearsals they
did their band rehearsals back here this
is the reality same time some are in
town right now seller coming in town
where we closed their previous game we
just played after damn arena they played
last night and it is very clear but how
the show went and how the audience
reaction does that they are really
finding their way